it's fresh bait live right here do this
meet in a few rips oh nice man he's a
nice break oh look
gogo statement
exotic I gonna stop the yellow fish here
you yeah yeah yeah boy huh looking at
the freaking you are wrong yeah what
we're talking about everywhere
do you fish look at that
Oh
get back that right off yeah yeah
fish on yep the quarter right man here
we go fishing in Pompano sir come sir
come sir come three times we got still a
fish though it's a fish I like that
technique oh it's a bleeder
yeah you keep chirping away there mister
oh that's a great rebellion sweet
jogging oh thank you man yeah oh you get
two of them on video man yeah yeah okay
want to get both you guys yeah the twin
towers there you guys are all right hey
this is Jonas fish
Hey
oh that's the same way some way yeah
okay hold it up a little bit yeah right
there yeah macro an example number two I
think yeah not rule number two today or
pretty soon we're gonna make off I want
to get some
progress pictures of the cooler
yeah look at all the loot yeah bitch man
that's what I'm talking about
hey wait wait there go yep now it's my
turn our eyes